Fix T1004510 - Specify placeholderSize along with wordWrap in Chart docs (#2406)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChart/1 Configuration/commonAxisSettings/label/wordWrap.md

Specifies how to wrap texts that do not fit into a single line.

---

> This property takes effect for the vertical axis only when the [placeholderSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#placeholderSize) property limits space for labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property affects the vertical axis only when the [placeholderSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#placeholderSize) property limits space for labels.
```

> This property takes effect for the vertical axis only when space for labels is limited. Use the [placeholderSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#placeholderSize) property to specify the size of the label panel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This property takes effect for the vertical axis only when the [placeholderSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#placeholderSize) property limits space for labels.
```
